how's it going thank you coming outside
on Todd I'm leap multiplier signer
everyone knows robert I'm Robin bowling
I'm the committee banger so I'm sure you
get your anxious to get in there and
start plan want you to quick overview of
sort of the design philosophy for modern
warfare 2 basically when we started
working on it we didn't want to make
another sequel so we sort of script
everything out started from scratch and
just built a new game the game we wanted
to play wanted to keep the heart and
soul of the game so it's familiar but we
wanted to make everything bigger better
more options more accessible making
payments lots of customization so
whoever few of the high points so one of
the first things will notice in the new
game is even customize your killstreaks
we call this killstreak rewards there's
tons of these you'll see a few of them
here in the beta there's a Newton that
all set which if you're familiar with
call of duty 4 then you'll know the
first one is the three kills frequencies
uap which shares the radar for your
entire team found the second the fault
is a four kill streak that's called the
care package this adds a really big new
mechanic to the game which you you have
an airdrop marker when you get this
killstreak you throw it out smoke goes
up the helicopter drops and drops of
crates and you're able to capture and in
that crate you're either going to get
ammo or a random kill street and they're
all waited so the lower killstreaks for
your comment but you could possibly get
an ac-130 answer because you bought this
gun
and the fifth kill streak is the
predator missile and that is basically a
remote-control missile that you control
hook up your laptop here on the ground
you got a few seconds to see the bad
guys and loma so there's a lot of
different ways to play a lot these are
unlockable you get to choose you order
you unlock them to the new mechanics
well and there's more than you'll see
tonight but it's good stuff I'm going to
new thing that we had it was the call
sign you might have seen this is some of
the videos that we released basically
the call sign is another way to show up
how cool you were pick yourself veins so
your shows are your gamertag give an
emblem which is the symbol that you
unlock and you have a title which is an
image with some organs so basically the
way you play is the more things you do
the more of these are going to unlock
for that thing so if you're like if you
get really big to the riot shields
you're going to unlock a lot of red
shield emblems and a lot of right shield
titles and you will then watch them
tonight you'll see what it's all about
it's a cool way to you know sort of
personalized the game for yourself and
we use something cool in getting these
call signs pop out for everyone in the
game so they know so if you shoot down a
c-130 it's going to pop out says
so-and-so shut down the ac-130 shelter
Kyle's your face ok we also evolved how
created flash works so creative class is
extremely big right now there are a ton
of new weapons time to attachments some
new camo and another new mechanic that
we added was secondary weapons it's not
only to the primary weapon the other in
16 to come on
but you also choose your secondary which
are also categorized also have patents
like machine pistols as an example the
rapid fire door sort of like SMG he's
put a little bigger a little shorter
range shot gun shot has kept silencers
now handguns for past swapping they can
have a lot of attachments and launchers
like the 84 which can lock on to kill
streaks of the ac-130 s father you can
lock onto it shoot it down another camp
that we had was equipment so on your
right bumper and you never that you had
fragment well now you can swap that out
and decide what you want in its place we
have seen 40 to get stuck by semtex
grenade in one of the videos and hazel
throwing hit in the face that's right
there's also tactical insertion which is
it something it doesn't actually killed
but really will throw this down and its
terms where your next finally it as a
blast shield which protects you from
explosions but you lose your main man
all these are really cool kids are just
more ways to customize see your place I
mean I love using hectic own search one
playing CTF because as I get closer to
the flag constantly drop them down so
what I'm going to do with the mad rush
i'm pretty sure i'm going to die i can
always spot back without running all the
way across the mat safe with the
killstreaks up i use them I'll typically
have a load out that is per game time so
just like in my cgf class I'll have
tactical insertion in my equipments lot
i will also customize my killstreaks
around that because i want something
that fast and affected if I'm playing an
objective game type where if I blank
something like TDM and it's all about
kills and I want something that cheese
your control that I could get up there
being in trouble right another good
thing to note about all this stuff is we
have two basic philosophies that we
incorporate that everything we're adding
to the game we have to make sure it's
fun it's obvious and we also make sure
that it's balanced
and there are counters to it in there
are ways that this isn't the thing
that's going to break the game so if you
see that guy that's using attack to
insertion you're actually able to go up
and break it shoot it you can make it
blow up or you can wait behind it which
for the guy to spawn and shoot with the
mask and there's all these different
balances that is seemingly the game like
crap the riot shield later when your
next door playing and you'll see that
you can't shoot when you have the red
chili I'll slow to swap but black bolts
it's really cool there's a lot of your
perks perks can upgrade now more use the
perks much like the weapon flash game
they upgrade so you can take your card
line which is get a kill streak for one
this code that we're giving up your
sobbing power and you can make your
death streaks windlass so for example
the death streak is also a new concept
that you choose per class copy cat is a
good example to basically once you've
died more times in our own you know you
might be the little bump might be able
to bet go but you get your copy cat and
you're able to steal the gap kill just
class for any skill you can say this guy
just keeps killing me so annoying I'm
going to still a stuff and get a preview
of things one month later
so that's that's a little bit of create
a class and you can name them of course
just
you